# Log Consumable

- A log is record of an activity that happened.
- A log follows structure and protocol(it's a blueprint, which is adopted by the log structure) which contains unique id, time, date, log text and media path of the log while creating a log.
- A log is immutable(cannot make changes after creating).
- There is a log encoder and decoder which follows the protocol.
- If a log is created then the log encoder encodes and provides to storage service.
- When a logs are fetched from the storage service, using log decoder it is decoded to the log structure.  The protocol checks the structure while decoding the log.  if it doesn't follows the protocol then it is destroyed.
- The storage service is used to read, write and delete the logs to the file.
- The log can be deleted by providing the unique id of the log to the storage service.

# Device Token

- If a user wants to share their logs to others then it can be shared by providing device token.
- The storage service syncs the logs to the file service in the cloud with the device token.
- If the sync network failed, then it is updated in next successful network connection.
- A deep link is generated by the storage service with device token. The deep link can be shared to the other users to access the log.
- When the deep link is accessed.  The storage service first checks the device token whether it is valid.  If the device token is valid then it fetches the logs from the file service in the cloud(while accessing network failure occurs at that time the fetching is paused and continued after successful conncetion).
- If the user rejects the access then the fetching process is terminated.
- After successful fetching the storage service saves the logs to the device disk.
- If any changes made by the owner of the logs then another deeplink is generated and it should be shared.  The old deeplink shared is expired and cannot be used.

# Conversation Threads

- There is a service called external communication and execution service(shortly called as ECE), which handles the the handshake between our application and other service like siri, shortcuts spotlight serach etc.
- The ECE is a singleton, so it has access all over the application environment.
- The service like Siri / shortcuts communicates with the ECE.
- The ECE gets intent ID and it's data from the service like siri / shortcut.
- The ECE checks the intent ID in intent dictionary.
- If the intent ID is available, then it checks the intent provides parameter, whether the intent is dependant to another intent.  Next it executes the fuction.
- The intent dictionary has information about intent ID with what functionality should be executed, whether the intent has parameter or not and whether the intent is dependent to other intent.
